docs(hello-world): add-system and add-table (#1763)
latticexyz/mud: next-docs/pages/guides/hello-world/add-system.mdx

    <CollapseCode>

        ```typescript filename="createSystemCalls.ts" copy showLineNumbers {47-51,55}
        /*
        * Create the system calls that the client can use to ask
        * for changes in the World state (using the System contracts).
        */

        import { getComponentValue } from "@latticexyz/recs";
        import { ClientComponents } from "./createClientComponents";
        import { SetupNetworkResult } from "./setupNetwork";
        import { singletonEntity } from "@latticexyz/store-sync/recs";

        export type SystemCalls = ReturnType<typeof createSystemCalls>;

        export function createSystemCalls(
          /*
          * The parameter list informs TypeScript that:
          *
          * - The first parameter is expected to be a
          *   SetupNetworkResult, as defined in setupNetwork.ts
          *
          * - Out of this parameter, we only care about two fields:
          *   - worldContract (which comes from createContract, see
          *     https://github.com/latticexyz/mud/blob/26dabb34321eedff7a43f3fcb46da4f3f5ba3708/templates/vanilla/packages/client/src/mu$
          *   - waitForTransaction (which comes from syncToRecs, see

>           *     https://github.com/latticexyz/mud/blob/26dabb34321eedff7a43f3fcb46da4f3f5ba3708/templates/vanilla/packages/client/src/mu$

Reviewer: these two links seem to be cut off. Also, should we link to the most recent version on `main` instead of the permalink to a previous state of the repo?

Author: Oops on the links. The problem with linking to the latest version is that line numbers could change (and those are part of the real link). But then again, the template doesn't change that often - I'll use main and people can just search if the information isn't at the exact line.

          *
          * - From the second parameter, which is a ClientComponent,
          *   we only care about Counter. This parameter comes to use
          *   through createClientComponents.ts, but it originates in
          *   syncToRecs

>         (https://github.com/latticexyz/mud/blob/26dabb34321eedff7a43f3fcb46da4f3f5ba3708/templates/vanilla/packages/client/src/mud/setupN$

Reviewer: same here, link seems to be cut off

          */
          { worldContract, waitForTransaction }: SetupNetworkResult,
          { Counter }: ClientComponents
        ) {
          const increment = async () => {
            /*
            * Because IncrementSystem

>             * (https://mud.dev/tutorials/walkthrough/minimal-onchain#incrementsystemsol)

Reviewer: we should update this to the new link

            * is in the root namespace, `.increment` can be called directly
            * on the World contract.
            */
            const tx = await worldContract.write.increment();
            await waitForTransaction(tx);
            return getComponentValue(Counter, singletonEntity);
          };

          const decrement = async () => {
            const tx = await worldContract.write.decrement();
            await waitForTransaction(tx);
            return getComponentValue(Counter, singletonEntity);
          };

          return {
            increment,
            decrement,
          };
        }
        ```

    </CollapseCode>

           <details>

    <summary>Explanation</summary>

        {" "}

>         <p></p>

Reviewer: do we need this?

Author: Weird. prettier used to break things when I committed without this, but now it does. I'll remove them.

        The new function is `decrement`.

        ```typescript
        const decrement = async () => {
        ```

>         This function involves sending a transaction, which is a slow process, so it needs to be [asynchronous](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_async.asp).

Reviewer: let's use `MDN` instead of `w3schools` everywhere for consistency
```suggestion
        This function involves sending a transaction, which is a slow process, so it needs to be [asynchronous](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function).
```

        ```typescript
          const tx = await worldContract.write.decrement();
        ```

>         This is the way we call functions in top-level systems in a world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This is the way we call functions in systems in a world.
```

I feel like "top-level" is a bit confusing here. We could explain that it's a "root" system and therefore the function selector in the World is the same as the function selector in the system, otherwise it would be `namespace_name_decrement()`, but not sure if this is the right place to explain it. Maybe we should link to another place where it is explained instead.

Author: How about "systems in the root namespace"? The place to explain the details is in Extending World, where we will actually do it.

Reviewer: yep that works

        ```typescript
          await waitForTransaction(tx);
        ```

>         Await until we receive confirmation that the transaction has been added to a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Await until the transaction has been included in a block and the corresponding state has been synchronized with the client.
```

        Most frameworks have a standard mechanism to do this, but we are using `vanilla`, which doesn't - so we add it to `window` which is a global variable.

           </details>

1.  Modify `packages/client/index.html` to add a decrement button.
    This is the file after the changes:

    <CollapseCode>

        ```html filename="index.html" copy showLineNumbers {12}
        <!DOCTYPE html>
        <html lang="en">
          <head>
            <meta charset="UTF-8" />
            <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
            <title>a minimal MUD client</title>
          </head>
          <body>
            <script type="module" src="/src/index.ts"></script>
            <div>Counter: <span id="counter">0</span></div>
            <button onclick="window.increment()">Increment</button>
            <button onclick="window.decrement()">Decrement</button>
          </body>
        </html>
        ```

    </CollapseCode>

           <details>

    <summary>Explanation</summary>

        {" "}
        <p></p>

        ```html
        <button onclick="window.decrement()">Decrement</button>
        ```

>         Create a [`button`](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_button.asp) with an [`onClick`](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ev_onclick.asp) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Create a [`button`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button) with an [`onClick`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events) property.
```

Reviewer: btw, after looking at https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events i am realizing we should probably not use the `window` and inline `onclick` approach but rather give the button an ID and then do this in the javascript code:

```ts
const incrementButton = document.querySelector("#increment-button");
incrementButton.addEventListener("click", increment);
```

One could argue that it doesn't matter much because it's unlikely folks would _actually_ use plain html/js (besides learning purposes, or for integrating in a separate framework), but I think it could give a bad first impression if we're using bad practices in the vanilla template.

Author: Merge https://github.com/latticexyz/mud/pull/1774 and I'll fix this here too.
